Okay, let's take a look at Firefox
developer edition. So I have it newly
installed on my machine and if you are
using OS X, you get a nifty blue icon
with a blue fox on it. So a little bit
different. You can see the original
Firefox there right next to it. So I have
got the little application up and
running and to see what we want to look
at, we have this whole web developer
toolbar here, menu option I mean, and
let's go ahead and take a look at the
web council and we can see it brings up
a council and this is like a JavaScript
output council. So we can see what's
going on there and let's take a look at
the network and I'm going to go ahead
and refresh the page so we can get some
traffic there. So this is really nicely
designed. I like how they started up
here. Reminds me a little bit of Chrome
but over here, remember we're looking at
the Access Monitor. So we're seeing the output in the exact
request that we made and everything that
was responded back. So it's a really nice
implementation to see what's going
across a wire for a particular request.
So that's something that's going to
be very very handy to have. And then we
also have the inspector so we can come
in and see the HTML and you can see as
I'm mousing over things, the different
blocks are being highlighted so after
the HTML. So this is a very very nice
example here. We don't have any styles to
edit, nothing for performance and memory
is an interesting one. So we don't have
any. So we don't have too much here but
we can see what's taking up
memory. So we have a very very light page. So probably nothing too interesting here.
But the biggest takeaways that you are
probably going to use on daily basis is
going to be this inspector. Pretty
similar to the other tools and I really
do like the network tab here of how it's
showing us the actual requests and the
response. No cookies, no parameters. So we can
actually see the response body and this will
be very handy for troubleshooting things
like restful calls from your webpage. That will be a very handy tool for us to
have.